Add manage providers ans modules permissions (#431)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-tfe: website/docs/r/team.html.markdown

* `manage_policy_overrides` - (Optional) Allows members to override soft-mandatory policy checks.
* `manage_workspaces` - (Optional) Allows members to create and administrate all workspaces within the organization.
* `manage_vcs_settings` - (Optional) Allows members to manage the organization's VCS Providers and SSH keys.

> * `manage_providers` - (Optional) Allow members to publish and delete providers in the organization"s private registry.

Reviewer: " -> '
```suggestion
* `manage_providers` - (Optional) Allow members to publish and delete providers in the organization's private registry.
```
